#  Project-Group-2

This project was developed as the required project for Software Engineering Capstone . It has the ability to take in user information such as height and weight, and tailor workouts and diet information based upon the calculations made with this info. For example, when a user’s BMI becomes in the range of overweight, we begin recommending more cardio based exercises to the user in the workout page. Similarly, we recommend fewer calories to be consumed by the user each day to help them reach a healthy BMI range. The app also displays the number of calories burned on average by each workout and the number of calories for each food item on the diet page. 

The current iteration of the application supports a login page that allows users to either sign in or create an account as well as upon login authentication the user will be taken to the home view of the application. If the user has forgotten their password, they are also able to reset it and regain access to their account. Once the user has accessed the home page, there is a tab view at the bottom of the screen allowing the user to navigate to the workout, diet, fitness profile, and settings views. The user is able to see various cards in the workout and diet views that are clickable and will display information to the user about the workout and diet for the day. The fitness profile and settings views contain various input from the user related to their health and calculations we make such as BMI are displayed here. 
